Contacts:
Parking - 		8162355256
Dance and music -	8162362900
Police- 			8162351515
Call center - 		8162352000   - callcenter@umkc.edu
What are the different adobe software’s used in UMKC
adobe photo shop cs
adobe illustrator cs
adobe dreamviewer cs
adobe x reader pro
MS excel
1048576 rows
16384-columns
Antivirus names
Avira
Avast
Kaspersky
Norton
McAfee
Default slide size in ppt 2013?
 16:9 expanded
 4:3 general
How do I log on?
To log on to the computers in the IS-managed computer labs, follow these steps: 
1. Press the "Ctrl", "Alt", and "Delete" keys simultaneously.
2. Read the information screen presented and click on "OK".
3. Type your SSO ID in the "user name" box and your password in the "password" box.
4. Click on the arrow to the right of the user name and password boxes.

How do I log off?
To log off from the computers in the IS-managed computer labs, follow these steps:
1. Click on the "Start" button.
2. Click the "Log Off" button.
_____________________________________________
New Questions:
How to alter glow in PPT?
1.	Click the picture that you want to add an effect to. 
2.	Under Picture Tools, on the Format tab, in the Picture Styles group, click Picture Effects. 
3.	To add or change a glow, point to Glow, and then click the glow variation that you want.
4.	To customize the glow variation, click Glow Options, and then adjust the options that you want.
Can you edit pdf in word?
Yes, open the pdf file in word by clicking on File->open->select and pdf file.
You will get a prompt message stating word will now convert pdf to an editable document. Click ok .
Then click on Enable Editing option.

SkyDrive Drive Storage Offered by University?
25GB
row height in ms access  1425?
Excel cell size: 8.43x12.75
To change slide size: 
Click design tab and then click slide size

Presentation Advance booking time?
1 week before
How many passwords do you have after migrating to outlook?
1 password
Two example of controls in ms access : 
check boxes, Text boxes
Labels
List boxes, combo boxes and drop-down list boxes
Command buttons
Check boxes
Option buttons
Option groups
Toggle buttons
Tabbed pages on forms

Insert movie in MS Office
To prevent possible problems with links, it is a good idea to copy the movies into the same folder as your presentation before you add the movies to your presentation.
1.	In Normal view, click the slide to which you want to add a movie or animated GIF file.
2.	On the Insert tab, in the Media Clips group, click the arrow under Movie.
 
3.	Do one of the following:
•	Click Movie from File, locate the folder that contains the file, and then double-click the file that you want to add.
•	Click Movie from Clip Organizer, scroll to find the clip that you want in the Clip Art task pane, and then click it to add it to the slide. 
Students Medical insurance – Atena

Labour day September 2

Can we access fax from IS labs : No
Can we access-----without antivirus – No
Writing Studio location – Atterbury Student Success Center
				Miller Nichols Library

Is labs location – Student Union
		Miller Nichols Library
		Epoch school
		Health Science Building 
		Royal Hall
		School of Education

How to prepare Originating charts using pictures :
Insert ->Smart Art->Hierarchy->Select the shape you want

How to create collage using ppt?
Open power point, select slide you want to collage ->select reuse slide->select/browse the file you want to merge.

How do you share your word document?
File – save as – skydrive –choose location in you skydrive – type filename and click save –click file – share – invite people(add their email id)-click share

How to share excel work alive ?

Default size in word 11

______________
How to split db. in MS access

1. On your computer, make a copy of the database that you want to split. Start with the database file on your local hard drive, not on the network share. If the database file is currently shared from your local hard disk drive, you can leave it where it is.
2. Open the copy of the database that is on your local hard disk drive.
3. On the Database Tools tab, in the Move Data group, click Access Database. The Database Splitter Wizard starts.
4. Click Split Database.
5. In the Create Back-end Database dialog box, specify a name, a file type, and a location for the back-end database file.

 Default row height in MS access

 14.25
 MS excel - 15 row height
 
How to merge two shapes in ppt 
1. Select the shapes to merge.
2. On the Drawing Tools Format tab, click Merge Shapes, and then pick the option you want.

How to change slide size in ppt 
1. Click the Design tab, and then click Slide Size.
2. Click Standard (4:3).
When PowerPoint is unable to automatically scale your content, it will prompt you with two options:
Maximize: Select this option to increase the size of your slide content when you are scaling to a larger slide size. Choosing this option could result in your content not fitting on the slide. 
Ensure Fit: Select this option to decrease the size of your content when scaling to a smaller slide size. This could make your content appear smaller, but you’ll be able to see all content on your slide. 
http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/powerpoint-help/change-the-size-of-your-slides-HA102893534.aspx

Office 365 setting pop imtp can we use names as a reference of formulas 
Pathway & 365 same pw:

 No

how to request of increase of q drive size  ?
 Requests for additional Q: drive quota should be directed to the Call Center at 235-2000

student union lockers cost for one semester $15

How to display minitool bar on selected text? 
 1.Click the Microsoft Office Button , and then click Word Options.
2.Click Popular, and then under Top options for working with Word, clear the Show Mini Toolbar on selection check box.

how to autosave in word?

1.Click File > Options > Save.
2.Make sure the Save AutoRecover information every x minutes box is selected.
3.In Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, make sure the Keep the last autosaved version if I close without saving box is selected.


 How to connect research to officetheasures and references?

reset requirements
Your computer must have an existing network card or an available USB port and network adapter. USB network adapters along with the corresponding network patch cable are available for purchase from the UMKC Bookstore. 
You must provide a data cable to connect your PC at the dorms. A CAT 6 cable is preferred, but a CAT 5 or CAT 5e will work in either the Johnson Hall or Oak Street Residence Halls. 
Your computer must be running Windows Vista/7/8 or Mac OS X or better. 
You must connect your computer to the power outlet via a surge suppressor

Sharing worksheets in excel?

On the Review tab, in the Changes group, click Share Workbook.

■On the Editing tab, select the Allow changes by more than one user at the same time. ... 
■On the advanced tab, select the options that you want to use for tracking and updating changes, and then click OK.
■Do one of the following:

ms excel

1048576 rows
16384-columns


What are the diferent adobe softwares used in umkc 
adobe photo shop cs
adobe illustrator cs
adobe dreamviewer cs
adobe x reader pro

Wrap text around a picture
1.	In your Word document, click the image to select it.
2.	Click the contextual tools tab.
For example, if you select a photograph or clip art, click the Picture Tools tab.
 
If you select an AutoShape, click the Drawing Tools tab. If you select a SmartArt chart, click the SmartArt Tools Format tab.
3.	In the Arrange group, click Wrap Text.
4.	Do one of the following:
•	Click Square to wrap text around the border of your image.
•	Click Tight to wrap text closely around a clip art image or an irregularly shaped picture.
•	Click Through and then click Edit Wrap Points to drag the wrap points closer to the image, so that text can fill in more of the negative space around the image.
•	Click Top and Bottom to place the image on its own line.
•	Click Behind Text to display the text over the image.
•	Click In Front of Text to display the image over the text.
•	Click More Layout Options and then click the Text Wrapping tab to change where the text wraps or the distance between the text and the image.


How to delete cells in excel
•  Select the cells, rows, or columns you want to delete.
•  Click the drop-down button attached to the Delete button in the Cells group of the Home tab.
•  Click Delete Cells on the drop-down menu.

How to add page break
1.	Click the worksheet that you want to print.
2.	On the View tab, in the Workbook Views group, click Page Break Preview.
 
 TIP   You can also click Page Break Preview   on the status bar.
3.	Do one of the following:
•	To insert a vertical page break, select the row below where you want to insert the page break.
•	To insert a horizontal page break, select the column to the right of where you want to insert the page break.
4.	On the Page Layout tab, in the Page Setup group, click Breaks.
 
5.	Click Insert Page Break.



How to clear cache in internet explorer
1.	Open Internet Explorer.
2.	IE 8: From the Tools menu choose Internet Options.
IE 9: In the upper right corner, click the small gear icon (to the right of the star icon) and choose Internet Options
3.	On the General tab, under Browsing history, click Delete.
4.	Un-check the Preserve Favorites website data box.
5.	Check the Temporary Internet files, Cookies, and History boxes.
6.	The Form data, Passwords, and inPrivate Filtering data boxes may be left un-checked. You can check them to delete this data if you so choose.
7.	Click Delete.
8.	When finished, click OK to return to your Internet Explorer window.
9.	Close the Internet Explorer window and reopen.


How to clear cache in fire fox

•	From the Tools or History menu, select Clear Recent History
•	From the Time range to clear: drop-down menu, select the desired range; to clear your entire cache, select Everything.
•	Click the down arrow next to "Details" to choose which elements of the history to clear.






